https://app.codesignal.com/arcade/db/would-you-like-the-second-meal/mnchRmYiwiJLytZJY

Question 1:
You are managing a large website that uses a special algorithm for user identification. In particular, it generates a unique attribute for each person based only on their first and last names and some additional metadata.

After analyzing the server logs today you found out that the website security has been breached and the data of some of your users might have been compromised.

The users' info is stored in the table users with the following structure:

first_name: user's first name;
second_name: user's last name;
attribute: a unique attribute string of this user.
It seems that only the users those attribute was generated by the old version of your special algorithm were affected. Such attributes have the following format (accurate to letter cases): <one or more arbitrary character>%<first name>_<second name>%<zero or more arbitrary characters>. It's your duty now to warn the users that have these attributes about possible risks.

Given the users table, compose the resulting table consisting only of the rows that contain affected users' info. The result should be sorted by the attributes in ascending order.

answer: need to add binary before the attribute like to make sure it's case sensitive. 
Mysql specific

CREATE PROCEDURE solution()
BEGIN
	/* Write your SQL here. Terminate each statement with a semicolon. */
	 
	
	select first_name, second_name, attribute
	from users
	where BINARY attribute LIKE CONCAT('%_\\%%', first_name, '_', second_name, '\\%%') ESCAPE '\\'
	order by attribute
	
	;
END



https://app.codesignal.com/arcade/db/would-you-like-the-second-meal/NEmMmhyncr4X4ZHbh
Question 2:
Your professor gave the class a bonus task: Write a program that will check the answers for the latest test. The program will be given a table answers with the following columns:

id - the unique ID of the question;
correct_answer - the correct answer to the question, given as a string;
given_answer - the answer given to the question, which can be NULL.
Your task is to return the table with a column id and a column checks, where for each answers id the following string should be returned:

"no answer" if the given_answer is empty;
"correct" if the given_answer is the same as the correct_answer;
"incorrect" if the given_answer is not empty and is incorrect.
Order the records in the answer table by id.

CREATE PROCEDURE solution()
    SELECT id, IF (given_answer IS NULL , 'no answer',
            IF(given_answer = correct_answer, 'correct', 'incorrect')) AS checks
    FROM answers
    ORDER BY id;
